README.md, before:

# SoftCRM

Customer relationship management (CRM) is an approach to managing a company's interaction with current and potential customers. It uses data analysis about customers' history with a company and to improve business relationships with customers, specifically focusing on customer retention and ultimately driving sales growth.

## <font color="red">IMPORTANT!</font> 
In the future, administrators can define the default language to be applied to all site content. At the moment, SoftCRM supports English (you can configure your i18n). 
## Functionality:
<ul>
  <li>Contact Management</li>
  <li>Sales Team and Customer Opportunity Management</li>
  <li>Lead Management for determining high-quality leads</li>
  <li>Reports and Dashboards</li>
  <li>Sales Analytics</li>
  <li>Sales Force Automation</li>
  <li>Workflow and Approvals</li>
  <li>Sales Data</li>
</ul>

## Installation

#### 1. To install run the following commands in a working directory: 
```
git clone https://github.com/KamilGrzechulski/SoftCRM.git
```
#### 2. Now run and make sure you have composer installed on your server:
```
composer install 
```

#### 3. Then setup your database and open the .env.example file. Rename this file to .env and enter details for your site, database, stripe and email integration.

#### 4. Run this command from the root project folder and This will create the database tables for you.
```
php artisan migrate --seed
```

#### 5. Than run laravel server by command:
```
php artisan serve
```

#### 6. Now you can login your Admin account by using:
```
user: admin@admin.com
password: admin
```


# Now you should then be able to access SoftCRM easily!

Commit message:

Add custom artisan command, sortable tables, add more informations in menu

README.md, after:

# SoftCRM

Customer relationship management (CRM) is an approach to managing a company's interaction with current and potential customers. It uses data analysis about customers' history with a company and to improve business relationships with customers, specifically focusing on customer retention and ultimately driving sales growth.

## <font color="red">IMPORTANT!</font> 
In the future, administrators can define the default language to be applied to all site content. At the moment, SoftCRM supports English (you can configure your i18n). 
## Functionality:
<ul>
  <li>Contact Management</li>
  <li>Sales Team and Customer Opportunity Management</li>
  <li>Lead Management for determining high-quality leads</li>
  <li>Reports and Dashboards</li>
  <li>Sales Analytics</li>
  <li>Sales Force Automation</li>
  <li>Workflow and Approvals</li>
  <li>Sales Data</li>
</ul>

## Installation

#### 1. To install run the following commands in a working directory: 
```
git clone https://github.com/KamilGrzechulski/SoftCRM.git
```
#### 2. Now run and make sure you have composer installed on your server:
```
composer install 
```

#### 3. Then setup your database and open the .env.example file. Rename this file to .env and enter details for your site, database, stripe and email integration.

#### 4. Run this command from the root project folder and this will create the database tables for you. This is our custom command to process all missing features.
```
php artisan process-softcrm
```

#### 5. Than run laravel server by command:
```
php artisan serve
```

#### 6. Now you can login your Admin account by using:
```
user: admin@admin.com
password: admin
```


# Now you should then be able to access SoftCRM easily!
